Ign- launch tutorial (#48)
ignitionrobotics/ign-launch: tutorials/tutorial.md

# Ignition launch tutorial

Ignition Launch is used to run and manage plugins and programs. A configuration script can be used to specify which programs and plugins to execute. Alternatively, individual programs and plugins can be run from the command line.

In this tutorial we will explain the configuration scripts in the `examples` directory.

We can do many things:

* Run multiple executable commands

> * Launch a world with a punch of plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Spawn a robot into simulation with plugins
* Launch simulation with plugins in separate processes
```

> To run the script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run a script use
```

> `ign launch FILE_NAME`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ign launch LAUNCH_FILE_NAME`
```

## Launch files

> Every script starts with these two tags. which specify the `xml` version and `ignition` version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every script starts with these two tags, which specify the `xml` version and `ignition` version.
```

```xml
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<ignition version='1.0'>
```

> ## Multiple executable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Multiple executable commands
```

We can run multiple commands from one file.

> if you have a look at the [gazebo.ign](../examples/gazebo.ign). This script run the gazebo `server` and gazebo `client`. We need to just write the command in the `command` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take a look at the [gazebo.ign](../examples/gazebo.ign) launch file. This script runs the Gazebo `server` and Gazebo `client`. We need to just write the command in the `command` tag.
```

```xml
<executable name='gazebo-server'>
    <command>ign gazebo -s</command>
</executable>
```

> ## Add plugins and launch worlds

Reviewer: Spawn a robot into simulation with plugins

> If we look at the [factory.ign](../examples/factory.ign). We defined a `GazeboFactory` plugin under which we included `X2 UGV` robot and added the `DiffDrive` plugin to control the robot. And added the `StatePublisher` which publishes the the robot state information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now take a look at the [factory.ign](../examples/factory.ign) launch file. We defined a `GazeboFactory` plugin under which we included an `X2 UGV` robot and added the `DiffDrive` plugin to control the robot. We also added the `StatePublisher` plugin which publishes the robot state information.
```

> ## Launch plugins with a world

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## aunch simulation with plugins in separate processes
```

> The [gazebo_plugins.ign](../examples/gazebo_plugins.ign). This script loads some plugins. The `joystick` plugin that will read from a device and output to a topic. The `JoyToTwist` plugin that transforms a `joystick` message to a `twist` message. The `GazeboServer` plugin launches the gazebo server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [gazebo_plugins.ign](../examples/gazebo_plugins.ign) launch file loads some plugins and also starts simulation. The `joystick` plugin will be launched in its own process and will read from a joystick device and output data onto a topic. The `JoyToTwist` plugin also launches into a separate process and transforms a `joystick` message to a `twist` message. Finally, the `GazeboServer` plugin launches the Gazebo server.
```
